[NARRATOR]
Try to imagine, if you would,
a life in which you could never
embrace the one you love
and never once feel
their skin against yours.
He takes the life's breath out
of anything he touches.
That was the curse the witch
so cruelly inflicted upon him.
Plants, animals, and people
are no exception, of course.
Regarding her son,
doomed to live his life
without knowing
the warmth of another,
his mother only complained.
[DUKE'S MOTHER] That child
is like Death incarnate.
[NARRATOR]
...she said.
[yawns]
Good Morning, Alice.
And a good morning
to you, Your Grace.
It's not necessary to get this
close to return a greeting.
It's completely normal in town.
Didn't you know?
[DUKE]
I highly doubt it!
Well done! You could go
pro if you had a mind to!
That was just wonderful,
Your Grace.
Well, I used to play by myself
whenever I had
some spare time, so...
You're okay with those terms?
I mean, that the loser has to
do whatever the winner says?
You're fine with that?
Of course I am.
Those were the terms
I suggested, after all.
So, now, tell me.
Is this the right way
to hold the stick?
Yes, but you don't have
to lean over quite so much.
Oh, I thought this might be
more to your liking, Your Grace.
[DUKE]
I have no opinion on your poses!
Ah, what a shame.
[DUKE]
Looks like this game is mine.
I'm sorry to do
this to you, Alice.
But I'm taking the winning shot.
Don't put it in there,
Your Grace.
in there, in there, in there...
Uh, sorry, but I should
really concentrate,
so could you not
talk during the game?
[ROB]
That's a foul.
So, Alice, you may place
the ball wherever you wish.
It should be a safe enough
shot from right here.
Well, it looks like I won,
Your Grace.
And now, the question is,
will you do whatever I ask,
just like we agreed?
Oh, right. What is it?
Be calm.
But what am I going to say
if she asks me to
do something indecent?
What I would like...
...is a trip to town.
The two of us, together.
Do I detect disappointment?
Did you expect
something different?
[DUKE]
Stop, I did not!
Why this sudden desire
to go into town?
There's a festival this weekend
and all the townspeople
will attend,
dressed up in costumes.
Here you are.
And I've been thinking,
if your costume's thick enough,
I'm sure anyone you bump
into will be fine.
But I'm... not accustomed
to being in the company
of large crowds
of people anymore.
When I walked past it last year,
it didn't appear to be
uncomfortably crowded.
What do you say? Please?
Will you go into town with me?
That look is not fair!
[DUKE]
So, this is...
...the town?
[ALICE]
That's right.
So how's your costume?
I think it came out quite well.
[DUKE]
It's not bad.
Though it's a bit hard
to move around in.
By the way,
if I haven't mentioned it,
that costume looks lovely.
And, uh, I don't just
mean the outfit. You.
That's kind of you
to say, Your Grace.
But...
I feel terrible.
I was wrong about the crowd.
[DUKE]
Mm-hm. Watch out! Ahh!
Alice!
Looks like I did
make the right call.
If you're encased in steel,
there's nothing to worry about.
Other than me falling over
from the sheer volume
of the thing, that is.
Wait, Is everything all
right in there, Your Grace?
Shall we head back home now?
[DUKE]
No. You asked me to do this,
so I'll simply have to
tough it out a little longer.
Thank you so much for
indulging me, Your Grace.
I can't tell you
how honored I am.
I can see now that it may
have been somewhat rash of me
to drag you to a
public place like this.
With so many people,
something could go very wrong.
But the truth is,
I've dreamed of this.
Coming into town
on a date with you.
Exactly like we're doing.
[ALICE]
Just like any normal couple.
Your Grace?
[DUKE]
Down here.
I may have been trampled.
Can we go home?
Oh dear, where on earth is he?
[LADY]
Are you Sharon?
Sharon Lendrott?
[ALICE]
No. Sharon is my mother's name.
[LADY]
Yes, of course.
You look so alike
you startled me,
but there's no
way you could be her.
So, you're her daughter, then.
Alice, was it?
May I first ask who you are?
[LADY]
I'm nobody important.
Just a trifling
acquaintance of Sharon's.
You take care, Alice.
Now, I must go
look for His Grace.
[DUKE] I've wound up
at a square of some sort.
Great, I'm lost?
Even better.
I've got a lost little boy
here looking to me for help.
We're both in trouble.
Where's Mommy?
Listen, please
don't cry so hard.
It makes me feel like crying
There's a piano!
I'll play you something
to cheer you up.
Now dry those tears!
[DUKE]
I'm so nervous.
To think I would
ever be playing the piano
with this many people around.
[laughs]
♪ piano playing ♪
[BOY]
Quick! Come over here!
[MAN D]
Who is that?
[DUKE] They're actually
playing along with me!
[MAN E]
Yes, sir, that's the spirit!
[WOMAN B]
My, it's a wonderful tune!
[MAN F] Here's to
the town and good music!
[LOST BOY'S MOM] Thank
goodness--where have you been?
I was worried sick!
[DUKE]
Your mother came for you, then!
I'm glad.
Your playing was
really wonderful!
Bye bye!
[DUKE]
Thanks!
Well, now I'd better find Alice.
I've finally found you,
Your Grace.
Yes, you did!
[ALICE] Please don't go off
on your own again, all right?
[DUKE]
Back up! You're too close!
[ALICE]
You must be getting tired.
Shall we head back soon, then?
[DUKE]
No, let's stay a bit longer.
We came all this way,
seems a pity to go back
when I could keep
enjoying this time with you.
Pardon me, but is that
really you, Your Grace?
May I have a look inside
your mouth just to be sure?
[DUKE]
How does that make any sense?
Alice, look at this!
There's a mask here
that looks like me!
I suppose it would be
useless to deny it.
[DUKE]
Right?
Actually, that mask was
inspired by a Death incarnate
that is said to live in
the forest up north of town.
Though I couldn't say whether
such a creature really exists.
Shall we be on our way now?
Come along, Your Grace.
[DUKE] I've had
my suspicions all along,
but it seems there
really have been rumors
going around about me.
But I'm just a normal guy
who happens to have a little
curse on him, that's all.
Sublime! What is it?
It's called ice cream,
Your Grace.
You must have some, too, Alice!
Go on, I insist.
Thank you.
Why is everything
so suggestive with you?
No, wait.
We'll lose each other again.
I know, what would you say
to climbing the clock tower?
There doesn't appear
to be anyone up there.
Wow.
It looks as if the town has
been blanketed with stars.
[ALICE]
Indeed.
And look!
There's that glorious moon!
[ALICE]
Do be careful rushing about.
Oh, of course
There's a local fairy tale.
You may not be familiar with it,
but it's about a princess
who marries the moon.
[DUKE]
That's what we saw earlier?
[ALICE]
Yes.
Once upon a time,
there lived in this land
a brave young prince
and a beautiful princess.
The two were deeply in love,
and were, in fact,
engaged to be married.
But a jealous witch came along.
She took the prince and
carried him off to the moon.
[PRINCE]
Help me!
[DUKE] I guess even
in fairy tales all witches
do is interfere.
[ALICE]
Every year since,
on the anniversary of
the night she was to be wed,
the princess
looks toward the moon,
and she offers up a kiss
to her faraway prince.
That's how the story goes.
It seems a rather
sad tale, don't you think?
Maybe not!
I'm sure the prince is
also sending her a kiss back
from where he is,
out there in the universe.
How wonderful it would be
if that were the case.
It's strange, but if
you really think about it,
they're the exact
opposite of us.
How so?
[DUKE] Because even when
I'm standing this close to you,
I feel like you're
still so far away.
The truth is, I love you
so much I can't stand it.
Yet here we are on a date,
and I can't even hold your hand.
A date? What?
Did you hear me say
that earlier? Oh, dear.
I've dreamed of this.
Coming into town
on a date with you.
[DUKE]
Yes, once I heard that.
I hoped I could
make today into one,
if only for a little while.
But I couldn't do a thing.
I'm so sorry I wasn't able
to show you a better time.
I had a wonderful time.
After all, I got to
be by your side all day.
Nothing makes me happier.
So, that's really how you feel?
[ALICE]
Yes, that's how I feel.
I hope you'll continue
to keep me near you, always.
Even if I can never touch you,
I'd like to be as
close to you as I can
and live gazing into your eyes.
[VIOLA]
I just remembered,
there's one of those cute
little festival things
going on in town today.
From what I understand,
they're going to reenact the
princess and the moon's wedding.
Sounds like it
could be exciting.
I honestly couldn't care less.
[DUKE]
"If you cannot sleep, my master,
you are welcome
to my room. Alice."
I wonder what she could want.
Huh.
[DUKE] That's her room,
if I'm not mistaken.
[DUKE]
It's me.
I got your note.
[ALICE]
Please, come in.
Welcome to my abode, Your Grace.
Why on earth are you naked?!
[ALICE]
When I'm in my room,
I make it a rule
not to wear clothes.
I don't care!
Put something on right now!
Thank you for waiting,
Your Grace.
Do come in.
[DUKE]
That looks nice on you.
Sorry for intruding.
What a pleasant
fragrance that is!
[ALICE]
Yes, I lit a scented candle.
They can be quite relaxing,
and I thought
I'd try some things
to ease a bit of
your tension tonight.
Ease? Like how?
Calm down.
I'll make you some tea.
[DUKE]
Whoa! Take a deep breath!
Her morals have always been
questionable, but sheesh.
[DUKE]
No, you're overly aware of her
because now you've
seen her naked.
Control yourself!
[DUKE] What's that?
Looks like strings?
An undergarment!
What's that doing here?
I made some chamomile tea.
Go on and drink it
while it's hot.
Oh! Thank you.
Surely, she must be
wearing some underwear.
But knowing her.
[ALICE]
When you're finished with that,
I think we should
head over to the bed.
[DUKE] She's planning
something for sure.
That's never good.
[ALICE] Now, remove
your clothes, please.
[DUKE]
What is she playing at?
I mean, we can't touch
each other or anything.
[ALICE]
Don't worry,
you have nothing to fear.
Just surrender yourself,
I'll take care of you.
[DUKE]
She means business.
This is crazy.
Lie down, if you would.
Uh, all right.
Seriously.
What is happening right now?
Now I want you
to close your eyes.
Let your mind and
body relax, completely.
All right, sweet dreams!
What?
Go to sleep?
Well, yes, didn't you come here
because you were
having trouble sleeping?
With that scented candle
and the chamomile tea,
I thought I'd be able
to relax you somewhat
and send you off to sleep.
That's all I tried to do.
I truly hope you'll forgive me
if I gave you the
wrong impression,
it wasn't my intent.
[DUKE]
Oh, it absolutely was.
You rest now, Your Grace.
All right?
I shall remain here by your
side until you fall asleep.
Can I ask a favor of you?
[ALICE]
Yes, Your Grace?
If it's convenient,
on the night after next,
would you mind going out
with me for a little while?
It's just that...
...there's something
important I've got to show you.
[ALICE]
Something to show me?
Yes, please do.
So, that's what
you're going to show me?
A huge meteor shower that
only happens once every decade?
Right. Ten years ago,
I happened to see it one night
when I was sitting at
the edge of this very lake.
What I saw that night.
I will treasure forever.
So, I wanted to share it
with you this time around.
Which means,
I get to have this wonderful
view and you all to myself.
It's almost too perfect
for me to believe.
[DUKE] We did come here
to see the shooting stars,
but also, so I could
tell you how I really feel,
sincerely, instead of
by some clumsy accident.
And I'm determined to do it.
The meteor shower should
begin any time now.
Alice, look up at the sky.
[ALICE]
All right.
[DUKE] I don't understand,
why aren't you doing it?
Because it's more fun
to look at you, Your Grace.
[DUKE] Well, but that's
not why we're here.
[ALICE]
Your hat!
[DUKE]
Alice!
[ALICE]
Forgive me.
I'm afraid it got a little wet.
[DUKE]
I don't mind.
Thanks for doing that.
Here! Climb back on board.
Oh. Sorry I can't
offer you my hand.
If it weren't for this
ridiculous curse,
I wouldn't cause you and Rob
so much trouble all the time.
I'm sorry it's like this.
[ALICE] If you can't touch me,
then give me a kiss.
If you have any feelings
for me, then kiss me now.
I want you to, right here.
But if I do, then you'll die.
[ALICE] Think of how
romantic it would be
for me to die by
your kiss, Your Grace.
We'd be lucky.
It's something the prince and
princess were never able to do.
You really want to?
I want to kiss you, too,
so if you keep saying things
like that, I'll really do it.
[ALICE] I really want
you to, Your Grace.
No. I can't do it.
I'm sorry.
Yes, I know that.
It's what I thought you'd say.
Alice! You did that on
purpose, didn't you?
Please forgive me, Your Grace.
You don't get enough
exercise on the estate,
so I thought I'd force you
to swim and see how that went.
Mission accomplished, I'd say.
Well, you could've
asked, you know!
[ALICE] It looks like
the meteor shower is over.
This was fun.
Shall we head back?
[DUKE graons]
[DUKE]
What a kick in the teeth!
I had a once-in-a-decade
chance, and now it's gone.
I couldn't even say what
I wanted to say to you.
[ALICE]
Oh, what did you want to say?
I was going to tell you
how I really feel about you.
That I like you and all.
I went and said it
offhandedly again!
It never rings true
when I do that.
I give up! This is the worst!
Let's go home now, Alice!
Of course, Your Grace.
Your Grace?
In another ten years,
I think we should try
going back to that same spot
to watch the
meteor shower again.
[DUKE] Wait, does that mean
that ten years from now
she'll still be with me?
[ROB] "The Duke, Alice,
and Memories of Snow."